**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm – 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, July 6, 2022  
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/81579875543?pwd=UEh5bmo2VDZUT24vNkg5Nm9Yc25iZz09)  
Meeting ID: 815 7987 5543  
Passcode: 439849

**Called to order at:**

**Adjourned at:**

**Board Members**

Amber Buker  
Coty Sutherland  
Desiree Kane  
Holly Grimm  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Natalie Isabel  
Nick Sahler  

**Invited**

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Confirm Quorum
2. Call to Order **6:05pm/MT**
3. Blessing **Natalie C.**
4. Review/Approve Agenda
5. **Old Business**
    1. Approval of previous board meeting minutes 
    2. Vote on amending** **[Bylaws](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jwex88D70cnUcrEbCryqfNUO3zWHluBVgE5pzvxcXIU/edit?usp=sharing) to adopt a new process to approve minutes
        1. Section to be amended
            * Section 3. Secretary

                “They shall record all votes and minutes of all proceedings in a Google Drive text document during each meeting to be kept for that purpose. After each meeting, the contents of the text document shall be added to the "minutes" directory in the nonprofit-governance repository formatted as GitHub-flavored markdown. The Board shall vote to accept or correct the minutes according to our Git rules of order. Upon accepting the minutes, the Secretary shall create FreedCamp tasks for each Action Item assigned to each Board Member.”

6. **New Business**
    3. Executive Director Update
        2. Lakota AI Code Camp
        3. Fundraising
        4. Governance Structure
        5. Topics to discuss 
            * Programs and services to generate revenue for NiT (Coty)
            * AI notetaker app
    4. Board Member Updates
7. Set new Action Items
8. Announcements
9. Adjourn **7:p/PT**

# Discussion/Notes

Old Business

* Reviewing the agenda’s old business of Bylaws to change our process of approving the meeting minutes.
* Where do we store the minutes once approved?
    * Website
    * Google Drive
    * Freedcamp 
* Do we need 2 people to approve the minutes?
* Tabled until after we receive email from Coty and hold a special meeting to amend bylaws for a new process of approving minutes.

New Business

* Coty went to Las Vegas in early June for the [National Urban Indian Families Coalition](nuifc.org/) gathering for their Democracy is Indigenous program, and there were representatives from over 50 urban indian centers.
* Potential to work with these centers to offer services that would generate revenue
* Governance topic:
    * From the Zoom Chat: related to governance: Taino J Palermo and Raymond Two Hawks Watsons are connections Coty has made at work and they're really interested in this topic! [https://twitter.com/drpalermosays](https://twitter.com/drpalermosays) & [https://twitter.com/RWULaw/status/1504107843741433863](https://twitter.com/RWULaw/status/1504107843741433863)
* We agreed to move our next meeting on August 10th, up by one hour (starting at 4PM PST) and extending it to two hours long.
* [https://lakota.aicode.camp](https://lakota.aicode.camp)
* Chatting about difficulties with getting community involvement. How do we increase engagement and get information out to where folks are at.
    * Do we need a TikTok? Should we engage Indigenous influencers to get our message out?
    * Talked briefly about increasing our social media budget.
* Andrea let us know that she stepped away from the AISES board for a while due to personal circumstances.
* Holly brought up the question on whether or not we need a community manager to help us with engagement.
    * Ian pitched having a retreat so that we can work to identify the best way for us to move forward.
    * We will continue discussions on this in next month's meeting.

## Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

[https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls)

# Updates from the Board

* Amber Buker
    * Virtual invite to Totem’s launch party! Sounds very exciting.
* Coty Sutherland
    * If anyone is interested in the Secretary role, I’m happy to work with you!
        * Amber is interested, after we move away from GitHub (or technical thing).
    * Update about the Apache appropriation conversations
        * [https://apacheskateboards.com/](https://apacheskateboards.com/) might be a good partner to work with.
* Desiree Kane
    * Dropped off the call
* Holly Grimm
    * Got another $2-3k for NiT grants on Ethereum
    * Still working on bookkeeping items.
* Ian Her Many Horses
    * Code camp stuff, calling kids, curriculum, its gonna happen.
    * Doing another camp after LAICC
* Natalie Isabel
    * Last year and a half had a lot of momentum and interest in projects, but has slowed down post pandemia.
    * Adobe - can continue to develop and help others. 
    * Next month, Adobe and other companies will hold events i.e., heritage months, etc. Trying to organize Indigenous/ focused events.
    * November potential month to bring in Adobe as a partner?
        * Do we want to have this as an organized effort to highlight partnerships for Native American Heritage Month
    * Interest in attending LAICC
* Nick Sahler
    * Started meeting with Adam again \o/ They’re working on revaming native owned businesses / by natives by moving it onto netlify CMS and focusing on getting contributors for content instead of code

# Action Items

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Action Item
   </td>
   <td>Person Responsible
   </td>
   <td>Due Date
   </td>
   <td>Status
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Send an email to the board to start discussions about changing our process for approving meeting minutes.
   </td>
   <td>Coty
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>In Progress
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Circle back to the group about ideas for services to generate revenue for the organization.
   </td>
   <td>Coty
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Not Started
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Create cross-promotion MOU
   </td>
   <td>Amber
   </td>
   <td>Aug 1, 2022
   </td>
   <td>Not Started
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Introduce Andrea to his sister :)
   </td>
   <td>Ian
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Ian and Frieda about a panel on how to engage native cs
   </td>
   <td>Andrea
   </td>
   <td>Aug 1, 2022
   </td>
   <td>Not Started
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Un-Conference Ideas:
<p>
Meet the Board
<p>
Meet the ERGs!!! (invite)
   </td>
   <td>EVERYONE
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Reopen Sessionize with less fields to fill out for submissions
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Zoom chat with links:


```
18:07:51 From Natalie C to Everyone:
	Agenda here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rKSjuyRWr6ihebxR3Aw5kahDgnXb6Qroa_G7rIjDTqQ/edit?usp=sharing
18:11:59 From Holly Grimm to Everyone:
	https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls
18:13:10 From Holly Grimm to Everyone:
	https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/18
18:13:31 From Coty to Everyone:
	I have no audio yet. working on it
18:20:12 From Natalie C to Everyone:
	happy bday Coty!!!!
18:24:12 From Coty to Everyone:
	thanks! :D
18:24:56 From Coty to Everyone:
	related to governance: taino j Palermo and Raymond two hawks are connections ive made at work and they're really interested in this topic! https://twitter.com/drpalermosays & https://twitter.com/RWULaw/status/1504107843741433863
18:27:51 From nick to Everyone:
	WOO HOME TEAM
18:28:06 From nick to Everyone:
	(re: taino palermo)
18:31:11 From Coty to Everyone:
	he seems to be such a cool dude @nick :D I thought you might like that haha
18:32:25 From Coty to Everyone:
	what date was that again?
18:32:29 From Ian Her Many Horses to Everyone:
	8/3
18:35:34 From Andrea Delgado-Olson to Everyone:
	lakota.aicode.camp
18:36:14 From Coty to Everyone:
	the website is down?
18:36:30 From Coty to Everyone:
	nvmd, its alive now
18:36:44 From Andrea Delgado-Olson to Everyone:
	mini heart attack
18:37:01 From Coty to Everyone:
	it was inaccessible for maybe 15 seconds for me
18:40:41 From Coty to Everyone:
	i just pitched this same thing for another group lol
18:41:01 From Coty to Everyone:
	we need to contract someone to handle our social media and marketing imo
18:41:04 From Holly Grimm to Everyone:
	I was part of this community: https://inroads.org/
18:54:55 From Coty to Everyone:
	super late to share this, but https://www.commoncounsel.org/native-voices-rising-2022-grant-cycle-open-may-16-july-15-2022/ is an opportunity for some funding too but i don't recall the requirements of the grant. i may be a grant reviewer for this program
18:55:34 From Coty to Everyone:
	and my cousin is working at natives in philanthropy (https://nativephilanthropy.org/brittany-schulman/), shes the one that got us connected to the nuifc
18:55:51 From Coty to Everyone:
	oops. i was taking no notes...
19:00:42 From Holly Grimm to Everyone:
	Congratulations Amber!
19:00:44 From nick to Everyone:
	Sounds fun!
19:00:51 From nick to Everyone:
	I have to go now, though!
19:00:57 From Coty to Everyone:
	thanks!
19:01:00 From nick to Everyone:
	So see you all soon - I'll send more updates about NOB soon
19:01:02 From nick to Everyone:
	bye!!
19:06:18 From Coty to Everyone:
	we could look at doing an unconference style first day. there's an interesting article on opensource.com at https://opensource.com/open-organization/17/11/tap-community-power-unconference
19:10:48 From Coty to Everyone:
	im gonna have to drop in a few mins
19:15:50 From Natalie C to Everyone:
	https://apacheskateboards.com/
19:17:56 From Coty to Everyone:
	https://www.endasfmascotry.com/
https://www.ncai.org/tribal-directory?utf8=%E2%9C%93&keyword=apache&submit=Search

```

