# Natives in Tech Board of Directors Meeting

## Details

Date: 2022/11/08
Time: 6:30pm to 8pm CDT

## Attendance

- [x] Adam Recvlohe
- [x] Holly Grimm
- [ ] Desiree Kane
- [x] Amber Buker
- [ ] Nick Sahler
- [x] Coty Sutherland (1/2 Meeting)
- [x] Ian Her Many Horses
- [x] Natalie Contreras

### Opening

- Time: 6:35 CDT
- Blessing
- Attendance
- Review Agenda

### Agenda

- Previous
  - [x] (Holly) Multi-Sig wallet setup
    - [ ] Holly Grimm
    - [ ] Nick Sahler
    - [ ] Amelia Winger-Bearskin
    - [ ] Adam Recvlohe
    - Created today
    - Before moving it Holly is running a test transaction
    - Afterward the funds will be moved over to multi-sig account
    - Signers listed above
    - We have 2 signers out of 5
  - [x] (Natalie) Hand Off Nucamp work
  - [x] (Adam) Add Adam to hello and board emails
  - [x] (Ian) Lakota AI Code Camp
    - Overwhelming but starting a non-profit
    - Trying to gear up for next year
    - Getting 50K to 60K more dollars in funds
    - Turning the curriculum into a full-year high school curriculum
    - As part of the AISES project for Native girls, they were asked to apply for funds to support an AI high school course
      - Brought on someone that is non-Native, knew AI but maybe didn't know curriculum or community
      - AISES proposed to individuals and the team decided to work on it in tandem with funding from AISES
    - Curriculum will be developed with culturally relevant examples and allow students to see themselves
      - Someone will video the camp to help with documenting the work
      - We have to help Native adults learn the content in order to reach the students
      - Need to also do train-the-trainer work in order to help fill the gap in terms of knowledge
    - 4 members of IiAI figuring out how to work with fundraisers
      - Spinning up a new non-profit in order to simplify funding model
    - Logistics issue to work out how to teach AI and ML
    - Conversation on the transition will be coming up but things need to get worked out
    - If a tribe is interested let Ian know to help figure out the logistics of working with a tribal community
- Next
  - [x] Figure out which meeting minutes are missing
    - Coty is going to help with this
  - [x] 1099 Tax Forms
    - Everyone read the forms!
    - Please respond in 2 weeks from this date
    - We are paying an accounting company $2K to do everything
    - Auditor looked at it for 2 weeks
  - [x] Record Meetings
    - Ian is agreeable
      - Need to make sure we have a process for private sessions
      - Need a process before moving forward with idea
    - Holly linked to non-profit that allows guests to join meeting
    - Zoom has a conference/webinar mode to allow viewers
      - Do we want to hold public comments?
      - Maybe when we have a membership program setup
      - Recruit new board members
      - Elections from membership would be ideal
    - Adobe offers $5K to anyone who serves on a board
  - [x] Shut down forum and invest in gather.town and potentially a mastodon instance
    - Issues of moderation comes to mind
    - Solution in search of a problem
    - Maybe people don't know a forum exists
    - Better to understand why people aren't using the forum
    - Forum was intended to be a space for non-Natives to ask questions
    - People are fearful of asking "dumb" questions in a public space
    - What counts for membership? Do you have to be a peer?
    - Forum seemed like a good idea to help protect membership
    - Can a Native member protect themselves? How can we help our own users to position ourselves?
  - [x] Review ASF article
    - Process question
      - What is approval?
      - How long to review?
      - How many have to say yes?
      - How many have to say no?
      - If any no votes then the author will reach out and try to address any concerns and we will work to try to build consensus with the board
      - Give a date for when board members can say yes/no on the article, no vote means abstaining from the vote
      - Try to address all no votes before time to vote on the issue
  - [x] Resetting of expectations
    - [x] Meeting attendance
      - Let board know ahead of time if you can't attend and we will make accomodations so that you can attend
      - It's not great when we don't let the board know and show up absent
    - [x] Freedcamp usage
      - It's free and pretty easy to use and will help us organize ourselves so let's start to use that
    - [x] Meeting minutes/agenda
      - By-laws say we use git in order to keep minutes so let's keep using that because it does have useful features in terms of id (verified commits)
- Updates
  - Holly
   - No updates to add
  - Adam
    - Worked here and there on NoB
  - Natalie
    - No updates to add
    - Trying to help with getting things in a better place ERG wise at Adobe
    - Spoke at a conference about Native women in STEM
    - Went to AISES Conf and Tanka (Lakota AI Code Camp Alumni) was there
    - Should maybe attend AISES next year
    - NiT should apply for the Adobe Community Fund
    - Made friends with folks at Amazon
    - Also met with Cory from Indgenize CS Education
  - Coty
    - A lot of things going on related with family and lifestyle changes
    - Needs to shed some responsibilities in order to work on other work closer to community
    - Going to gradually fall off by end of year
    - Annual meeting
      - Amend by-laws
      - By-laws include a yearly meeting
    - RedHat wants to partner with NiT and local colleges to events at the conference
    - Emailed ASF's DEI lead and will discuss issues with Coty/RedHat at the start of next year
      - Open to having a phone call to discuss further
    - Wants to sign off on the ASF article
  - Ian
    - Working on AI Code Camp stuff
    - Give talks to CS departments
    - Feels good about the caring folks who are supporting Native communities
    - CS Teacher Licensure got approved in CO last month
      - Program for K12 Native communities surrounding CO can earn their CS degree
      - Can take what they learn back to their communities
      - Help students to help find that path
      - Can others find success there as Native peoples given the non-Native nature of the space?
      - Should we come up with a blog post to discuss a Native hacker's guide to succeeding in higher education?
      - The social aspect is crucial to helping newcomers succeed in spaces they don't feel welcome
      - Indigenous Friends Association may be able to help
      - A CTA to help members speak to how different folks learned to succeed in higher education
      - A lot of Natives get PhDs in Education because of tribal colleges
      - There might be an intersection between PhD candidates who are interested in tech and help someone to get tenure track through this research
    - Weekly standing meeting with Cory from Indigenize CS Education to discuss Native CS eduction
  - Amber
    - Building a company
    - Closed a funding round
    - Hiring people and trying to launch the app in the spring
    - Doing a lot of gigs and mentioning Natives in Tech
    - Wants to propose that Richard Chance potentially take Amber's seat in the future
    - CRA (Community Reinvestment Act) - banks have to invest in different disadvantaged communities such as Native communities
      - Going to give a talk to help spread the word on these issues related to banking
    - Recorded her video for the Natives in Tech Conf and it went really well
    - Testing may happen early next year to help squash bugs in the platform
    - They have a newsletter which they might turn into a blog

### Action Items

- [ ] (Coty) Convert missing meeting minutes from google docs to markdown
  - [ ] Working session to go over working with Git
- [ ] (Adam) Come up with a date to vote yes/no on ASF article, address no votes before and build consensus
- [ ] (Holly) Multi-sig wallet technical details
- [ ] (Natalie) Reach out to Andrea and figure out Nucamp hand-off this week
- [ ] (Adam) Discuss topic around Mastodon and how people speak for their communities
- [ ] (Adam) Get invites to Natalie, Amber, Desiree
- [ ] (Ian) Put together a framework to help students succeed in higher education
- [ ] (Ian) Use a debit card in order to use IiAI funds directly from Mercury account
- [ ] (Natalie) Draft an application for the Adobe Community Fund for NiT to submit
- [ ] (Adam) Learn how Zoom does meetings that allows guest viewers

### Announcements

- NiT Conf!
- Planning a team building trip for the board (help needed)

### Adjourn

Time: 9:02




