**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, August 10, 2021  
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/81579875543?pwd=UEh5bmo2VDZUT24vNkg5Nm9Yc25iZz09)  
Meeting ID: 815 7987 5543  
Passcode: 439849

**Board Members**

Amber Buker  
Coty Sutherland  
Desiree Kane  
Holly Grimm  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Natalie Isabel  
Nick Sahler  

**Invited**

None

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Confirm Quorum
2. Call to Order 
3. Blessing 
4. Review/Approve Agenda
5. Old Business
6. New Business
    1. Executive Director Update
        1. Lakota AI Code Camp [10 minutes]
            * Andrea, Ian, and Natalie Update
        2. Andrea – NiT Announcement [10 minutes]
    2. Board Member Updates [10 minutes]
    3. Strategic Planning Session 
7. Set new Action Items
8. Announcements
9. Adjourn

# Discussion/Notes

Old Business

New Business

* Lakota AI Code Camp was a great success!
    * We need to work on building trust and understanding of the program within communities.
    * Learned that other camps are offering stipends to the students, which led to some students choosing a shorter program that gave them money rather than coming to a newer, longer program that didn’t.
    * We should adjust our timing of the camp next year to reduce competition with other camps.
* Andrea is stepping down from NiT :(
    * After a year we’re not any closer to finding funding for a full time position.
    * Holding down two jobs and working so much takes a toll.
    * Items that Andrea will focus on:
        * Finishing our tax filing for the year.
        * Wrapping up 2022 code camp.
        * Documenting plans for 2023.
    * Items that will be left outstanding:
        * Emails groups we’ll need to monitor:
            * social@
            * hello@
                * Holly will take on the hello@ emails.
            * conference@
                * Ian can help with video editing tasks, etc
                * The conference working group should have a meeting to further discuss management of the emails that come in, possibly postpone the conference, and find more volunteers to help complete tasks.
        * Email outreach and membership engagement
        * Nucamp scholarship outreach
            * Natalie is comfortable taking this on.
        * 2023 conference tasks - see conference@ note
            * Speakers
            * Sponsors
            * Swag store (Brandigenous)
        * Website updates
        * Corporate partnerships/sponsorships
            * Best Buy
        * MTA Partnership with Lee Timutimu
        * Marketing
            * Social Media Account Manager
            * Going forward we will take some time each meeting to plan sharing things on socials.
    * New Items shared after board meeting
        * Zoom 
            * Pass meeting ownership
        * 
    * Weird experience at the code camp made Andrea (and others) very uncomfortable.

# Updates from the Board

* Amber Buker
* Coty Sutherland
* Desiree Kane
* Holly Grimm
* Ian Her Many Horses
* Natalie Isabel
* Nick Sahler

# Action Items

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Action Item</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Person Responsible</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Due Date</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Status</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Schedule conf WG meeting w/ those interested
   </td>
   <td>Des
   </td>
   <td>8/11/22
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Des &lt;> Holly Conf meetup
   </td>
   <td>Des, Holly
   </td>
   <td>8/11/22
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Hello Emails
   </td>
   <td>Holly
   </td>
   <td>8/11/22
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Nucamp items
   </td>
   <td>Natalie
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

