# NiT Board Meeting 07/07/2021

### Agenda

* Leanne Bellegarde & Paul Dube from Akawe & Troon Technologies
* Nominate Andrea Delgado-Olsen for Executive Director role
    * Adam nominates, multiple seconds
* Discussion topics
    * Move org to Delaware
    * Nominate, not self-nominate, board members
    * Words matter
        * Forage > Mining
        * Funnel/Pathway > Pipeline
        * Community > Market
    * Adam R status update
        * Stepping down as President in November but remain on board
        * Role of the President as we move forward
            * Executive Director will likely take over certain responsibilities

### Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty
* Ian
* Holly
* Desiree
* Andrea
* Leanne Bellegarde

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * ~Onboarding new members~
* Nick
* Coty
* Ian
* Erin
* Holly
* Desiree
* Natalie

### Updates

* Adam
    * Onboarding the new board members
    * Nucamp partnership is reviving and Andrea will be heading the work to work on it
* Nick
    * Continuing with the Native Owned Business onboarding and inviting businesses
    * Reach out to Jessica Reeves when the app is ready
* Coty
* Ian
    * Slacking on NiT Meetups 😅
* Erin
* Holly
    * Has access to 1Password, Digital Ocean, and Stripe
* Desiree
* Natalie

### Meetings Notes

* Leanne Bellegarde to talk to us a bit about what Akawe Technologies is up to.
    * CEO of Akawe Technologies, based in Canada with one of the co-founders also affiliated with Troon Technologies.
    * Lawyer by training, has done a variety of different things.
    * E-estonia model of governance to North American
    * Blockchain OS
    * SAAS
    * Akawe ID IAAS Identity as a Service- self-sovereign ID - exceeds the GDPR, Know Your Customer (KYC), AML compliant - FinTech space
    * One of their challenges is a lack of Indigenous technology leads across the board.
    * A-Connex Bring into digital governance platform - digital trading place - Indigenous companies carefully curated non-indigenous companies
    * One goal is to have primary investors be Indigenous.
    * One board that Leanne participated in has constructed a governance model that focuses on Indigenous values, etc.
    * Elevate our nations in the digital world so they can express data sovereignty.
    * Taking an Indigenous first approach, permission is first and foremost accountable to the individual. Benefits accrued by sharing that data comes back to the individual.
    * Sister organization to the Centre for Indigenous Innovation and Technology to assist with training Indigenous individuals, providing internships, etc across the spectrum of technology careers.
    * We have some overlap in the desire to host infra on Indigenous lands rather than in colonial data centers. We want to have data sovereignty, and sovereignty over the hardware.
    * AI: Follow up regarding the Native Owned Business directory and see if there are some synergies to take advantage of with the A-Connex product.

* Andrea Delgado-Olsen
    * Very interested in taking on the Executive Director position to really help us amp up our impact.
    * Worked with Adam to develop a document to define the Executive Director role. We would like to finalize this next meeting.
    * Looking at taking on responsibilities from Adam over the next six months, as a volunteer until we can pay a salary.
    * Founder of Native American Women in Computing.
    * Training for AISES Board - they are moving towards Indigenous practices, away from Robert’s Rules of Orders

* Andrea Delgado-Olsen has been nominated as the Executive Director, Adam nominated, Coty, Desiree, Holly, Ian agreed

* Adam will be stepping down as Board President
    * expects the role of President to change because of Andrea’s work
    * New role limited to scheduling and running board meetings
    * Adam interested in putting more attention into tech projects and cultural revitalization
    * Adam wants others to take over and grow beyond his sole guidance and be self-sustaining
    * Adam will still help with the conference and meetups
    * Continuing to impart his knowledge

* Words Matter
    * Words can be extractive and coercive, we need to be more cognizant that is reflective of our world view.
    * Forage > Mining
    * Funnel/Pathway > Pipeline
    * Community > Market
    * @TODO need terminology repo
    * Andrea can share her existing list

* Nominate, not self-nominate, board members
    * Adam thinks we should formalize nomination procedure in by-laws
    * “Talk 10 minutes about how you are humble”
    * Outline the roles and responsibilities
    * Types of people and where they cause discomfort

* Andrea is interested in allyship with Canada

* https://www.nucamp.co/ coding boot camps
    * Low thousands in price
    * Part-time
    * Move forward Partnership
    * Melissa Albert meeting with Andrea

* August Meeting Action Items:
    * Delaware Org
    * Outstanding PRs
    * Update on Onboarding New Members from Adam
    * Outside meetings scheduled outside of normal monthly meeting
    * Gauge the appropriate length of time for the board meeting

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Have a list of things for new board members to checkoff their onboarding list
    * Talk to Desiree about reporting to Andrea
* Nick
    * Business List, follow up with a few more people to login
    * Maybe have another hack day after launch for feedback
    * Forward information to Ian who will pass on to Jessica Reeves
* Coty
    * Meeting Notes PR
* Ian
    * July 17th Meetup with Adam who will “talk about something”
* Erin
* Holly
    * Onboarding
* Desiree
* Natalie
* Andrea
    * Report to board
