**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, October 6, 2021  
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/94340310297?pwd=YzZwTy91eXJ2RGwwRGYvWXlNK1VRdz09)  
ID: 94340310297  
Passcode: 262755  

**Board Members**

Adam Recvlohe  
Desiree Kane  
Holly Grimm  
Natalie Isabel  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Nick Sahler  
Coty Sutherland  
Erin Grace - no show

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Call to Order (Skoden)
2. Roll Call/Confirm Quorum (Stoodis)
3. Review and Approve of Agenda
4. Executive Director Update
5. Board Documents
    1. Board Responsibilities
    2. Attendance Policy and Procedures
    3. Board Agreement
    4. Board Committees
6. Board Officer Positions to fill
    5. Treasurer - Adam
    6. Secretary
    7. Vice-Chair
7. Committee Positions to fill
8. Finance
    8. Governance
    9. Education
    10. Address Erin Grace's position on the Board
9. Updates from the Board
10. Review Action Items from September 1, 2021
11. Set new Action Items

# Update from the Executive Director

* Have applied for several grants, but haven’t heard back.
* Started looking for grants on [Instrumentl.com](https://instrumentl.com) which has been very helpful. Andrea is learning to use the platform well.
* Meeting with several people about how they can support us; the answer is funding (for now). Working towards driving donations to OpenCollective.
* New partnerships.
    * Main partner for “Hire Native” [Fairstream](https://thefairstream.com/) event. They seem to be very understanding of our perspective and experiences and make corrective actions.
    * Chatted some about potential partnerships with individuals we know that have banking backgrounds.
    * Meeting with Code.org about CSEdCon. More notes in Ian’s updates below. They want to be friends :)
    * Starting conversations with [Code for America](https://www.codeforamerica.org/) and [Techlahoma](https://www.techlahoma.org/). Initially about helping with building land acknowledgements but shifting gears after the initial convo with them.

# Board Documents

Review and accept all of the newly proposed Board Documents.
* We should reconsider the chair-elect position that is mentioned in the Responsibilities of the NiT Board.

# Board Office Positions

Tabled until November meeting.

# Committee Positions

Tabled until November meeting.

# Updates from the Board

* Adam
    * Submitted our taxes for year ending July 31, 2021 - 990-EZ postcard.
    * I am stepping down from my post as of President Nov 1st, 2021 but will remain on board
    * Bring up the topic of paying $500 a month from Open Collective to pay Andrea for her work. We only get $300/month so we need to bump our contributions so we aren't’ going in the red.
        * We need to increase individual contributions, and do a fundraising drive.
    * Updated our funding tiers: [https://opencollective.com/natives-in-tech](https://opencollective.com/natives-in-tech)
    * Added John Romero emoji to Slack
* Ian & Andrea
    * CSEdCon - NiT collaborative effort. They want to co-brand an event with us which happens at the same time as our conference. The lift for us is pretty light, we’re helping to provide some speakers/panelists.
* Ian
    * Meetups signup form (google form)
* Holly
    * NFT for NiT Conf has been postponed to next year, working on the code
    * Update on OpenAI Codex for Coding Education
    * NSF Grant opportunity for the project above ([OpenAI Codex](https://openai.com/blog/openai-codex/))
    * [New Mexico Recovery Fund Opportunity Youth](https://newmexicofoundation.org/the-native-american-recovery-zone-grant-application/), $25K grant
* Natalie
    * Please share this scholarship opportunity: [https://generalassemb.ly/how-we-work/social-impact/adobe-digital-academy](https://generalassemb.ly/how-we-work/social-impact/adobe-digital-academy)
    *
    * Donated $100 to NiT thru Benevity as part of employer matching program
    * Need to request funding opportunities for employees serving on boards (will follow up hopefully next month on this)
    * October + November: Indigenous Peoples Day + month of November speaking opportunities - use these spaces and folks asking for how they can help is to donate to NIT and including links in chats/ webinars
    * Side note: I want to learn more about NFT’s + blockchain with indigenous lens
    * Side side note: from Indigenous @Adobe [ERG excel doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZVH9Kl7nJLRtKeqF4eEEpX6PMQFQEtY-PbebIrBDgPI/edit?usp=sharing)
* Coty
    * Thoughts about forming a committee (or something) for ERGs to promote members creating groups at their employers, which may in turn generate funding sources.

# Previous Action Items

* Holly
    * ~~Meet with the Conference Working Group~~
    * ~~Come up with timeline for NFT projects~~
* Ian
    * ~~Talk with Andrea about NiT meetups and how she can help~~

# New Action Items

* All: Please review Board Documents mentioned above and prepare to take on new leadership positions and committee chairs.

# Discussion

* Chatted a bit about agenda items and potential for doing a prayer or something to start our meetings. Natalie jumped right in and opened up the space! We will close the space out afterwards.
* Did Tapia send us the recording for the talk we gave to share on our YouTube?
* ~~How did the meeting with code for america go?~~
* ~~How did the meeting with code.org go?~~
* What do we need to do in order for donors to know who we are?
    * [http://guidestar.org/](http://guidestar.org/)
    * [http://charitynavigator.org/](http://charitynavigator.org/)
* Should we start recording meetings?
* After the AISES talk we talked about creating an FAQ for Indigneous Data Sovereignty but interest fell but maybe it can be revived
* ~~Status of grant opportunities?~~
* Can everyone start using Freedcamp for project management/tracking?
* Any update from nucamp.co?
* I am thinking of creating a change.org petition to encourage AISES to stop accepting funds from Exxon, Chevron, etc. for the National/Leadership Conference
* What’s the status of the MOU with Animikii and the NiT Conf?
* It’s really easy to send out our videos on YouTube through buffer.com or canva.com so we should do that to highlight the work that’s being done
* Need to send out w-9 to Shea for all the payments we’ve made to her
* Need to notify Erin Grace that she is no longer on the board
* A lot of our meeting minutes are not on GitHub and we fail to approve them at the beginning of our meetings in most cases
* We chatted a bit about having a recurring coffee chat or lightning talk/networking track at the conference to create some human connections.
