**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, August 4, 2021
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/94340310297?pwd=YzZwTy91eXJ2RGwwRGYvWXlNK1VRdz09)  
ID: 94340310297  
Passcode: 262755

**Board Members**

Adam Recvlohe  
Coty Sutherland  
Desiree Kane  
Holly Grimm  
Natalie Isabel  
Erin Grace  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Nick Sahler  

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Call to Order
2. Roll Call
3. Welcome
4. Review and Approval of Agenda
5. Review and Approval of the Minutes from July 7, 2021
6. Update from Executive Director
    1. Meetings
    2. Funding Opportunities
        1. MIT Solve
        2. NDN Collective
    3. Board Documents
        3. Responsibilities
        4. BOD Agreement
    4. Project Proposal(s)
7. Updates from the Board

Called to Order at 5:11PM PT  
Attendees: Adam, Nick, Coty, Ian, Holly, Desiree, Andrea


## Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

[https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls)


## Actions Items From Previous Meetings and Updates

* Adam
    * Have a list of things for new board members to checkoff their onboarding list
    * Talk to Desiree about reporting to Andrea
    * Been meeting with Andrea and Holly regularly for onboarding
    * Working through docs.nativesintech.org to document all the things
    * Talked about MIT Solve and other funding opportunities
    * Conference stuff is going well
* Nick
    * Business List, follow up with a few more people to login
        * May use some funding to push the project over the finish line
    * Maybe have another hack day after launch for feedback
    * Forward information to Ian who will pass on to Jessica Reeves
    * Planning to spend some time documenting infrastructure
        * Talked with adam about maybe using video? (but this should be internal, not on docs)
        * Moved secrets / passwords out of docker-compose, which was step 1!
* Coty
    * ~~Meeting Notes PR~~
* Ian
    * July 17th Meetup with Adam who will “talk about something”
    * Working on getting through a difficult time with work, etc will get back on top of things. Andrea can help with this, Ian will put something on Andrea’s calendar to chat about how she can help.
* Desiree
    * Trying to find funding for our executive director
    * [Knight Foundation](https://knightfoundation.org/programs/communities/) - location specific 9-10 cities
    * Reaching out to communities to find artists to design/make beaded medallions/other gifts for conference speakers
    * Talking about if we do/if we should take stances on various issues around Indian Country as an organization.
        * The process for this currently is to discuss issues on the operations channel in slack, then make statements on socials.
* Holly
    * Onboarding
    * Quick presentation of the visualization of all of the organizations accounts, etc
    * Considering creating digital assets as virtual swag (via NFTs)

## Action Items for Board Members

* Adam
    * Finish going through the docs with Andrea and Holly
* Holly
    * Setup meeting to talk with Nick about infrastructure on DO
    * Create a document about using NFTs as digital swag for the conference
    * Meet with Andrea
* Ian
    * Talk with Andrea about NiT meetups and how she can help
* Coty
    * Email intro for Brittany at Native Americans in Philanthropy and Andrea
