# NiT Board Meeting 08/06/2020

### Agenda

### In Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Meet and set up 1Password with Erin.
        * Use keybase to share passwords
    * Try to finish NiT v2 website by the next meeting.
        * This mostly done
    * Start working on Conference CFP
        * Using sessionize
* Coty
    * Convert all the meeting minutes from Google doc to Markdown, submit PRs in the governance repo for each, and request approval from the board to review and accept.
        * Technically blocked by https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/5 :)
    * Create membership@ group in G Suite and ping Slack with subscribe link
        * Created but need to figure out how to provide a subscribe link.

### Updates

* Adam
    * Spoke with Limeade and I am going to speak at their internal hackathon about Natives in Tech. They are also interested in sponsoring our conference
        * We’re thinking about sponsorship tiers, but we may just need to do a baseline to start with and worry about tiers later.
    * Need to remove PR about updating articles of incorporation but we need to meet to approve items in that PR
        * Need to approve changes in order to open bank account
    * Met with Nick to scope out work for Native Owned Businesses
        * Created issues on the GitHub repository
    * Met with Code For America to work on thislandistand.app but I have not heard any movement on this from those volunteers
* Nick
    * Pushed the repo for Native owned businesses and will work on tickets this weekend, maybe
* Coty
    * Planning virtual talking circle at work for next week
* General

### Motions

* Propose the following set of changes to our Articles of Incorporation:
    * Remove Lydia Prince as director.
    * Remove Alex Clemmer as director.
    * Change the address of Adam Recvlohe to the current address in Tulsa, OK.
    * Change the name of Erin Spiceland to Erin Ishimoticha.
    * Change the address of Nick Sahler to current address in Jersey City, NJ.
    * Change the registered agent's address to current address in Tulsa, OK.
    * Change the nature/purpose of the corporation to: “Natives in Tech is a coalition of Native and non-Native technologists whose goal is to support technology that reinforces Native beliefs, knowledge, and identity.”
    * Change the primary contact email for the corporation to: hello@nativesintech.org.
* Unanimous vote to accept changes for Articles of Incorporation.

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Create a shared team file on keybase to share passwords
    * Create conference page on NiT website
    * Finalize CFP for Natives in Tech Conf 2020 and publicize it
* Erin
    * (carried over from last meeting) Create another PR to add language about new rules of order to the bylaws and procedure for publishing minutes.
* Nick
    * Do native owned business tickets
        * Work on converting CSS to tailwind
        * Fix tag search
* Coty
    * Once PR#5 is done, I’ll start submitting PRs for individual meeting minutes
    * Will find and send out invite link for new membership list.
