# NiT Board Meeting 05/06/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty
* Melissa Albert
* Danielle Boyer
* Elizabeth Vu
* Brittany Jackson

### Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
        * No updates yet
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
        * Michael is working on a draft, hopefully complete by next meeting
* Nick
    * Ready to soft launch, but we should plan that out
        * ✅ Find 30+ businesses
* Coty
    * ~Put together an announcement that we are seeking to fill our Treasurer position on the board. Target would be initially internal (slack group) and if we don’t get responses within the allotted time (two weeks) we can make a larger announcement via Twitter or something.~
        * ~Point the bylaws, mention RRoO stuff Erin was working on~
        * ~Write a brief more practical roles and responsibilities document for the position. Some experience with 1099-MISC would be nice since we now have an independent contractor. In OpenCollective you can also provide notes and updates, which may be nice for a Treasurer to do.~
        * ~Will have the board review comms before going out~
    * ~Create PR for previous meeting minutes~

### Updates

* Adam
    * Gathered all the presenters for the meeting tonight, but otherwise not much.
* Nick
    * Found ~30 businesses, still need to paste their contact info and draft & send out invites / inquiries
        * Will do before this weekend
* Coty

### Meetings Notes

* Melissa Albert ([Nucamp](https://www.nucamp.co/))
    * Working with a coding bootcamp (Nucamp) based in Seattle.
    * Adam and Melissa pitched the [Vadon Foundation](https://vadonfoundation.org/) to get them to invest in getting more students into coding bootcamps, and tech. Looks like they may not be funding anything at this time, Adam may circle back later.
    * Putting together funding for scholarships for Native students for Nucamp (which will map closely with the [Warrior Rising](https://www.nucamp.co/scholarships/warriorrising) program they currently offer) :)
    * Apprenticeship program in Washington, but student/professional has to be in Washington. If we have people physically located there we can pass their info along to apply to the program.
    * Next steps are to follow up with the Wilkes Foundation (sp?) who is funding the American Indian College Fund.
* Danielle Boyer ([The STEAM Connection](https://www.steamconnection.org/))
    * Presentation looking for volunteers to participate as speakers in a virtual 12 week summer program.
    * Next steps, we will make an announcement to see who is interested. We can also do a social media campaign to generate more external interest.
* Elizabeth Vu ([Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/))
    * NYC based foundation that’s been around since the 30s.
    * Main mission is to fund basic research in STEM.
    * The Technology program has more recently been focusing on Open Source.
    * The DEI in STEM Higher Ed Program is focused on helping get underrepresented groups into higher education.
    * Do we know grads and faculty working in OSS as part of their academic work? Or part of work-work? Looking to convene a roundtable to learn where investments might be most impactful.
    * Next steps, receive a flyer with information from Liz, then we can pass that around in our community to get people interested.
* Brittany Jackson and Nathan ([Plotly](https://plotly.com/))
    * Open source data viz company, based in Montreal.
    * Rethinking what community partnerships look like.
    * They have a lot of resources for speakers for data science, etc.
    * Next steps, Brittany will propose a workshop in partnership with us that focuses on equity. She’ll join us for the next meeting and see what we can do.

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
* Nick
* Coty
    * I will approach the first four people on the list for board interest and see how it goes now that we agree on verbiage.
