**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm – 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, April 6, 2022  
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/81579875543?pwd=UEh5bmo2VDZUT24vNkg5Nm9Yc25iZz09)  
Meeting ID: 815 7987 5543  
Passcode: 439849

**Called to order at:** 7:07 CDT

**Adjourned at:** 8:22 CDT

**Board Members**

Coty Sutherland  
Desiree Kane  
Holly Grimm  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Natalie Isabel  
Nick Sahler  
Amber Buker  

**Invited**

Lee Timutimu, Māori Tech Association  
Adam Recvlohe

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Establish Quorum
2. Call to Order 
3. Blessing
4. Review/Approve Agenda
5. **Old Business**
    1. Tabled until May Board of Directors Meeting
6. **New Business**
    2. MTA + NiT Partnership Announcement
    3. Introduction to[ Lee Timutimu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lee-timutimu/?originalSubdomain=nz), CEO & Founder,[ Arataki Systems](https://arataki.app/) and Māori Tech Association 
    4. Board Member Introductions
    5. What does this Partnership mean for our two organizations?
    6. How do our organizations align?
    7. What is the significance?
    8. What do we envision this Partnership meaning for our people and communities?
    9. What are our first steps?
7. Board Member Updates
8. Set new Action Items
9. Announcements
10. Adjourn

# Discussion/Notes

Old Business

* All business is tabled until the next meeting.

New Business

* Intro from Lee Timutimu
* What could this partnership look like? What does it mean for our orgs?
    * Connection and connectivity between our peoples, nations, and lands.
    * Establishing an enduring relationship.
    * Sharing of knowledge.
    * Inspiring youth to look into getting into Tech as a career pathway.
    * Sharing learning, insights, and challenges.
* First steps?
    * Intercultural sharing via storytelling in the future?
    * Collaborate on a paper about languages?
    * Blog post(s)
    * Forum discussions on some topics
    * Live stream about ideas and conversations like this meeting
    * Reflect our partnership on our websites
    * Include NiT folks in the Arataki Systems Newsletter
    * A meeting with an open invite to our communities where people can join and ask questions about technology
    * A podcast?
    * Coty and Natalie volunteered to pilot a regular monthly meeting to engage the broader community and give people the opportunity to ask us questions about technology
    * Conversations and thoughts about renaming and reframing “governance”
        * Have a youth group that sits alongside the “governance” group so that youth can learn and contribute.
* No updates - quick wrap up after lengthy conversation about next steps!

## Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

[https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls)

# Updates from the Board

* Holly
* Coty
* Desiree  
* Ian
* Natalie
* Nick
* Amber

# Action Items

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Action Item
   </td>
   <td>Person Responsible
   </td>
   <td>Due Date
   </td>
   <td>Status
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

