**Meeting of the Board of Directors**

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm CDT  
Wednesday, November 3, 2021  
Video/Teleconference Meeting  
[Join Zoom Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/94340310297?pwd=YzZwTy91eXJ2RGwwRGYvWXlNK1VRdz09)  
ID: 94340310297  
Passcode: 262755  

**Called to order at: 5:10pm**  
**Adjourned at 7:22pm**

**Board Members**

Coty Sutherland  
Desiree Kane  
Erin Grace  
Holly Grimm  
Ian Her Many Horses  
Natalie Isabel  
Nick Sahler  

**Executive Director**

Andrea Delgado-Olson

# Agenda

1. Call to Order (Blessing)
2. Confirm Quorum (4 out of 7 board members)
3. Welcome and Review/Approve Agenda
4. Old Business to Resolve  
    a. Erin Grace - Official Removal from NiT Board    
    b. Holly Grimm - NiT Board President
5. New Business  
    a. Executive Director Update
        i. Amber Buker Board Nomination
        ii. Funding
        iii. Board Officer Positions
            1. Treasurer
            2. Secretary
            3. Vice-Chair
        iv. Partnership Updates
            1. Code For America Twitter Takeover
            2. NiT + IIAI AI Coding Camp
            3. Animikii
            4. Code.org
            5. Nucamp
            6. Power To Fly
            7. Skai Blue Media
            8. AI4ALL
            9. AnitaB.org (?)
        v. Events
            1. **Nov 4 & 5** - Indigenous Communities & K-12 Computer Science Education (1 - 3p/PT)
            2. **Nov 5** - NiT Pre-Conf Workshop (1 - 3p and 6-8p/CDT)
            3. **Nov 6** - NiT Conf Kickoff (12p/CDT)
            4. **Nov 9** - IPO Foundation's Behind the IDEA Webinar: Native American Innovation (2 - 3p/PT)
            5. **Nov 10** - CS Journeys by CareerVillage x Code.org: Building Support Networks
            6. **Nov 11** - Hire Native with Fairstream (9a - 1p/PT)
    b. Board Member Updates  
        i. Holly  
        ii. Coty  
        iii. Desiree  
        iv. Ian  
        v. Natalie  
        vi. Nick  
6. Set new Action Items
7. Announcements
8. Adjourn

# Discussion/Notes

## Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

[https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls)

# Update from the Executive Director

* Adam has nominated Amber Buker to join our board. Andrea made a motion to welcome her to the board, and Holly seconded. Welcome Amber!!
* Exciting funding updates! We will share more information as developments are made.
* Motion by Andrea to compensate Ian for work on a code camp project, unanimously approved.
* Desiree brought up the [Union of Concerned Scientists](https://www.ucsusa.org/) message she’d shared in Slack.
* Open Board Officer Positions:
    * Treasurer - Ian
    * Secretary - Coty will continue and lean on Amber for help
    * Vice-Chair - Desiree
* Andrea is very busy with all of our partner relationships! She gave some brief updates on each.
* In the Skai Blue Media update, Andrea talked about the term ‘pipeline’ vs ‘pathway’ in their term glossary. She did an interview with them and talked about the term and why it’s bad.
* There is potential for partnering with AI4ALL that Andrea is pursuing.
* A majority of the board has opted not to pursue a partnership with AnitaB at this point in time.

# Updates from the Board

* Holly
    * Holly walked us through a workflow for gaining and engaging with new members.
    * We need to restart our 2nd Saturday meetings so we can use it as a space to meet new members.
* Amber
    * Do we have a list of resources, web pages, etc that we have?
* Coty
    * Finally submitted PRs to get our GitHub repo current with meeting minutes.
    * We need to rethink our GitHub process for minutes, a majority of the board doesn’t seem to have accounts so we can’t get enough reviews to accept them as our bylaws require.
    * We should have a session dedicated to sorting out this process.
* Desiree
    * Working on event items
    * Happy to take on Vice Chair role if still open
* Ian
    * Code.org collabs: CSEdCon, Native representation
    * AI Code Camp
* Natalie
    * ERG updates

# Action Items

* Andrea
    * Andrea will email Erin about removal from the board due to lack of participation after a motion from Coty, and second from Ian.
* Holly
* Coty
* Desiree
* Ian
    * Setup a meeting within two weeks for us to solidify the process for approving minutes.
* Natalie
* Nick
