# NiT Board Meeting 06/16/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty
* Ian
* Erin
* Holly
* Desiree
* Austin
* Natalie

### Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

* https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pulls

### Action Items from Previous Meeting
* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
        * Did not get to this
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
        * Shea is working on this
* Coty
    * ~I will approach the first four people on the list for board interest and see how it goes now that we agree on verbiage.~

### Updates

* Adam
    * Submitted 2 applications for MIT’s Solve challenges: Indigneous Communities Fellowship and [Antiracist Tech in the US](https://solve.mit.edu/challenges/antiracist-technology/solutions/50937) with the help of Austin Serio and Desiree Kane
    * Worked with Nick on NoB as much as I can
* Nick
    * Currently stuck waiting for a train
    * Welcome Ian, Erin, Holy, Desiree, Austin!!
    * Invited 30 businesses or so to NoB, got back a few responses
    * Postponed fully onboarding them on the fact that image uploads are a little rough
* Coty
    * Using Squarespace to redesign https://trianglenative.org; new version should go live by mid-July.
    * Waccamaw Siouan STEM Studio Community Fish camp has been awesome! We’ve had about 80 people participate in each event.

### Meetings Notes

* Austin Serio (Alum of 2020 Indigenous fellowship at MIT) will talk about the MIT Solve application, and share some experiences about accelerator programs
    * [MIT Solve Innovations Future Investments](https://solve.mit.edu/solve-innovation-future-investments) may be a funding source for us (mid-tier/mid-level funding)
* Lots of conversation about the organization and answering questions from candidates
* Adam made the following nominations for new board members:
    * Ian Her Many Horses
    * Erin Grace
    * Holly Grimm
    * Desiree Kane
    * Natalie Contreras
* Unanimous yes from Nick, Coty, and Adam! Congratulations new members!!
* We could pursue NSF grants

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Onboarding new members
        * ~Setup the new meeting time, Wednesdays instead of Thursday~
        * ~Create NiT emails for new members and add them to the board group over the next 2-3 weeks~
        * ~Add to Slack channel for the board too~
        * Add to GitHub organization
            * In Progress
* Nick
* Coty
