# Natives in Tech Board of Directors Meeting

## Details

Date: 2022/12/08
Time: 6:00pm to 8pm CDT

## Attendance

- [X] Adam Recvlohe
- [X] Holly Grimm
- [X] Desiree Kane
- [ ] Amber Buker
- [X] Nick Sahler
- [X] Coty Sutherland (1/2 Meeting)
- [X] Ian Her Many Horses
- [ ] Natalie Contreras

## Guests
- Michael Running Wolf
- Andrea Delgado-Olson

### Opening

- Time: 6:09pm CDT
- Blessing
- Attendance
- Review/Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
- Review Meeting Agenda

## Agenda

- Previous
  - [tabled] (Holly) Multi-sig wallet presentation
  - [tabled] (Natalie) Hand Off Nucamp work
  - [tabled] (Natalie) Draft NiT application for the Adobe Community Fund
  - [tabled] (Coty) Add meeting minutes from past year to GitHub
  - [tabled] (Coty) How to use Git working session
  - [ ] (Holly) 990 Tax Forms
  - [ ] (Ian) Framework to help students succeed in higher education
  - [X] (Ian) Use a debit card in order to use IiAI funds directly from Mercury account
    - IiAI is using open collective to submit receipts
  - [X] (Adam) ASF article publish date
    - Preview of article is in the board channel
    - Adam would like board consensus around the article as well as anyone that we should ping before we publish
      - Would like feedback, abstains, agree, or disagrees from viewers of the preview
    - Plan is to publish January 6, 2023 (first friday in January)
  - [X] (Adam) Get invites to Natalie, Amber, Desiree
  - [X] (Adam) Zoom meetings that allow guest viewers
    - Requires Zoom webinar add-on
    - Lowest tier is 500 guests and is $690 annually for 1 license
    - Probably better to live stream then archive then use this feature
- Next
  - [X] (Andrea, Michael) Indigenous in AI/Lakota AI Code Camp (LAICC) updates
    - Michael gave a presention of LAICC 2022
    - Andrea gave update on Indigigenius non-profit spin-up
    - Ian asked what future partnerships may look like, between all Native computing focused non-profits and orgs
    - Adam will create a leadership channel for orgs
  - [X] (Adam) Resetting meeting expectations
    - Consensus building
    - Discussion of meeting times is a conversation that includes everyone participation
    - A best effort from everyone should be made in determining meeting time
    - Opt-in to the discussion before opt-ing out
    - Meetings will be recorded for those who can't attend
    - Providing status updates in the agenda is required for those who can't attend
      - If you need the agenda earlier let the meeting organizer know ahead of time
    - Conversation
      - How can we be more transparent and attract more members to be involved in the work?
        - Video recordings
        - Inviting other members to participate in meetings as learners
        - What do membership pathways look like, including the board?
        - Working groups may be a path to support this work
        - Outcome: create a document that allows for members to see and seek to join working groups
  - [X] (Adam) Freecamp usage
    - Sign into and begin using Freedcamp to track the status of your work so it is visible to everyone
  - [X] (Adam) Use single email for Zoom and other services
  - [X] (Adam) Individual videos of Day 2 of the conference
    - Desiree needs to contact speakers regarding honorariums
    - Ian will support cutting up the long form day 2 video into isolated videos for publishing
  - [X] (Holly) Tax Preparation Payment
- Updates
  - Amber
  - Natalie
  - Coty
    - Pitched using https://hackmd.io/ as a markdown tool for editing notes
      - This tool allows for collaborative editing of markdown files for notes
    - Working on guiding documents for approving meeting minutes
    - Has converted 6 months worth of minutes into markdown and will do a single pull request
      - Some minutes are missing
    - Exploring idea of a governance structure that is grounded in Indigenous practices and ideology
    - Launched a new website for his tribe's STEM program: https://stemstudio.waccamaw-siouan.org/
  - Nick
    - Thinking about stepping away
    - Will be around to work on/with projects
    - Reachable through slack
    - Could we use Ghost CMS hosting platform?
  - Holly
  - Desiree
    - Met with Shipt to discuss future collaboration
      - Desiree and Adam are coordinating a time to meet with Shipt
      - They are looking for talent
      - Adam added them to the slack
      - Could create a code of conduct/expectations for outside entity participation in the slack
    - Is going to work out a community agreements draft
  - Ian
    - 4 Corners CS Education conference. How might we want to participate?
      - Interest in holding a session at the convening
  - Adam
    - Native Talent in Tech page updated (Gatsby --> NextJS)
    - Worked with Nick to update Ghost CMS to latest patch version
    - Met with Andrea and Holly to discuss hand-off of ED duties
    - Met with PDXWiT to partner on doing a series of talks that will occur once a quarter
      - Does anyone want to participate on any of the panels
        - Ian would be up for being on a panel
  - Action Items
    - Adam
      - Create a leadership channel for other org leadership to join in order to maintain connection and facilitate partnerships
      - Create a document that allows for members to see and seek to join working groups
      - Start process of reducing licenses down to one across all services
    - Desiree
      - Will contact Ian to coordinate day 2 conference video preparation
      - Work out a community agreements draft
    - Board
      - Read the ASF article preview in the board channel and provide feedback/abstain/agree/disagree
